Hello, my friends.
Welcome back to this implementation and mostly welcome to Part three, training the CNN.
In the previous to Tokyo, we built the brain which contained the eyes of the A.I..
You know, thanks to the convolutional layers.
And now we're gonna make that brains smart with that training of CNN on all our training set images.
And at the same time, as you see, we're going to evaluate our same model on the test, set over the
epics.
You know, we're going to train our CNN over 25 bucks.
And at each book, we'll actually see how our model is performing on our test set images.
So this is a different kind of training as what we had before, because we always used to separate the
training and the evaluation.
But here, this will happen at the same time.
That's because we're doing some specific application, which is computer vision.
All right, I'm ready.
Let's do this.
Let's start with the first step, compiling the CNN.
All right.
So in a new code cell, we're going to compile the CNN, meaning we're going to connect it to an optimizer,
a lost function and some metrics.
And, well, you know, here once again, we're doing binary classification.
And so very simply, we're going to compile our CNN exactly the same way as how we compiled our A and
then in the previous section, because indeed, we're going to choose once again, an item optimizer
to, you know, perform stochastic gradient descent, update the weights in order to reduce the loss
error between the predictions and the target.
Then we're going to choose the same loss.
You know, the binary cross entropy loss once again, because we're doing exactly the same task, binary
classification.
And then same for the metrics.
We're going to choose the accuracy metrics, because that's, you know, the most relevant way to measure
the performance of a classification model, which is exactly the case of our CNN.
And therefore, to compile the CNN, well, it's gonna be a piece of cake because indeed, we're going
to do exactly the same as before.
So we're gonna start by taking our CNN from which we're gonna call the compile method, which will take
as input.
Well, first, our optimizer, which will choose to be the atom optimizer.
Then the last function, which will choose to be the binary cross entropy.
All right.
And finally, final argument, the metrics we will choose only one.
But remember, we have the choice to take several of them.
But just the accuracy is fine.
And therefore, in these pair of square brackets, we're going to input in quotes.
Well, that accuracy and done this compound successfully this year.
CNN to the optimizer, the last function and the metric.
So exactly the same as before.
However, now to train CNN on the training set and evaluating it at the same time on the test set,
well, it will not be exactly the same as before.
But once again, very, very similar.
Let's check this out.
Let's create a new code cell.
And now you can actually guess the first two steps.
There are always the same.
The first step is to take, of course, our CNN from which.
And that's the second step.
What method do we need to call here?
Well, once again, this never changes.
This is, of course, the fit method.
The fit method, which, as always, will train the CNN on the training set.
OK.
So this time, what are going to be the inputs?
Well, the first input is always the same.
It's going to be, of course, the set.
You know, the data set on which you're going to train your model here to CNN.
And that's, of course, the training set.
And the name of the parameter for that is simply X and therefore will specify X to be, you know, are
training set that exact same training set which we created in part one.
You know, right here, that training set, that training set to which we've applied this image data
generated two to indeed perform image augmentation.
All right.
That training, that's the first input of our parameter in this fit method.
OK.
Then next parameter.
All right.
And the next parameter is this time, you know, the difference, the difference with what we did before.
So it has to do, of course, with the fact that we're not only training the CNN on the train set,
but also evaluating it at the same time on the test set.
And that second parameter corresponds exactly to this.
We have to specify here the validation data.
That's the name of the parameter.
But that's, of course, the set on which we want to evaluate our CNN.
And that's, of course, a test set that will be the value of the parameter.
But the name of that parameter is, as I just said, vally dacian underscore data.
And this is equal, of course, to the test set.
Once again, that.
Exact same test set which we created here in part one when progressing to set this one to which, of
course, no transformation was applied, only feature scaling.
OK, is a test set.
Good.
And now we have one final argument, which is, of course, you can totally guess what it is.
Right.
This is the inevitable argument when training a deep neural network.
I'm talking, of course, about the Epic's parameter, which is a number of epochs and well, you know,
to justify to you which number I chose.
Well, I actually started with 10 bucks and I noticed that the accuracy was not converging.
So then I tried with 50 netbooks, because you're going to see that one book is actually pretty slow.
You know, it's actually a bit long.
I mean, much longer than the epics and the training of our previous neural network, you know, the
Eynon.
So I started with 10.
It was not enough.
Then fifteen.
Still not enough, you know, still not converging.
And then 25 and 25 was perfect.
I had an accuracy that pretty much converged not only on the training set, but also on the test set.
You'll see.
So for the number of ebooks here, we're going to choose 25.
Feel free to increase it if you have time.
You know, if you want to let your computer run for now or more with 25 bucks here, it will be fine.
It we'll just take ten to fifteen minutes.
So that will be all good.
We'll get our results pretty fast.
All right.
Well, actually, that's it.
That's only what we need to train our CNN on a training set.
Well, evaluating it on the tests, it so perfect, we smashed by three.
And we can now already move on to point four where we're going to make our single prediction, which
I remind will consist of deploying our moral on the two images of this single prediction for.
This one for which, of course, our model will have to recognize that there is a dog.
And this one where our model will have to recognize there is a cat.
So let us hope that it is right.
But we won't have the predictions.
And next story all.
We will have them in the one after that, because remember, we're going to run our implementation from
Juber notebook because we conjugating Google Kulab.
The data set is to be all right.
So well, as soon as you're ready for part four, let's do this together.
And until then, enjoy machine learning.